It covers the following topics, fundamental for every aspiring financial analyst:

Microsoft Excel for beginner and intermediate users 
— become proficient with the world’s #1 productivity software

Accounting, financial statements, and ratios 

— making sense of debits and credits, profit and loss statements, balance sheets, liquidity, solvency, profitability, and growth ratios

Finance basics 
— interest rates, financial math calculations, loan calculations, time value of money, present and future value of cash flows

Business analysis 
— understanding what drives a business, essential items to be analyzed, the importance of industry cycles, important drivers for the business of start-up, growth, mature and declining companies, industry KPIs

Capital budgeting
— decide whether a company's project is feasible from a financial perspective and compare different investment opportunities

Microsoft PowerPoint for beginner and intermediate users 
— The #1 tool for a visual representation of your work, a necessary skill for every financial analyst

This complete bundle ensures you receive the proper training for each critical aspect.

Here comes the fun part!

After covering each major roadblock, you will be asked to solve a challenge. You will:

Calculate a company’s sales in Excel

Register its bookkeeping entries, produce applicable financial statements and calculate financial ratios

Calculate a complete loan schedule for the company’s debt

Analyze the company’s business performance

Create a PowerPoint presentation based on the results

Receive personalized feedback

Participate in our monthly Amazon Gift Card Lottery

Sounds interesting, right?

At the end of the challenge, you'll send us your work, and we'll reply with personalized feedback - creating an interactive student experience that optimizes what you'll learn from the course.

What makes this course different from other finance courses?

High-quality production, HD video and animations (not a collection of boring lectures)

Knowledgeable instructors with experience in such prominent companies like Pwc and Coca-Cola

Complete training covering all major topics and skills necessary to become a top-class financial analyst

Extensive case studies reinforcing everything you’ve learned

Course Challenge that creates an interactive experience

Excellent support for when you don’t understand a concept or want to drop us a line — you’ll receive an answer within one business day

Dynamic instructors who keep up a steady tempo throughout the course

Why should you consider a career as a financial analyst?

Salary. A financial analyst job typically leads to a well-paid career

Promotions. Financial analysts acquire valuable technical skills, making them the leading candidates for senior roles within a corporation

Secure Future. There's high demand for financial analysts on the job market; you won’t have to be concerned about finding a job

Growth. This isn’t a tedious job — you'll will face different challenges that will test your existing skills

This course comes with Udemy’s 30-day unconditional, money-back guarantee.

Take advantage of this opportunity to acquire the skills that will advance your career.


